# JAVA Grocery Store

## Introduction
To gain the efficiency of the minimart, we try to develop a computerized system to maintain
their efficiency. According to the feasibility study we able to find important facts for our new
implementation. We used some fact-finding methods to gathered information.

# Fact finding methods used


**Fact finding methods used**

*Interviews
This is the best way to get information from the customer. When in the
interview we asked various kinds of questions from the client and customer
will give us the best answers for the project.

# Main functions identified in the minimart:

• Maintaining records of payments.
• Maintaining items of the stock.
• Update the supplier information.
• Maintain the purchase order details.
• Handle the daily transactions.

# Identified Problems

1. Lack of immediate information storage.
    The information generated by various tasks take time and effort to be stored at right place.
2. Lack of updating information.
    Various changes to information like patient details are difficult to make as paper work is involved.
3. Lack of immediate retrievals.
    The information is very difficult to retrieve and to find particular information.
    Ex: To find out about the patient’s history, the user has to go through various documents.
      This results in inconvenience and wastage of time.
4. Errors of manual calculation.
    Manual calculations have errors and take a lot of time this may result in incorrect information.
5. Less security.
    Information can be destroyed and those can access to anyone.
